[Music]
we're here at Fort Lauderdale 2016 Boat
Show and one of the things I love about
the boat shows is all the new marine
electronics this here this is the NSS 16
now you've seen this and if you haven't
you can go over to boats comm look
through our review section you will find
plenty of information about the NSS
system now what's new this year is the
going on now what's interesting about
this little unit is it's a much less
expensive opportunity to get in with
some really good features and functions
pinch-to-zoom full touchscreen as you
can see this unit has no buttons but
it's smaller than most units of this
variety extra bonus you get the full
glass all the way around you can flush
mount this unit it looks absolutely
gorgeous
now this little goo 9 this is actually
the largest unit in the lineup there's
also a ghost 7 and ago 5 so you can pay
a lot less than you might for a really
high capability system that's relatively
compact small fits on smaller boats if
you want to learn more about it come on
every boots comm check out the review
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters we're simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters